{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green129\blue102;\red231\green236\blue237;\red34\green45\blue53;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red111\green40\blue144;\red222\green105\blue28;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c8627\c56863\c47451;\cssrgb\c92549\c94118\c94510;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c51765\c24706\c63137;\cssrgb\c90196\c49412\c13725;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you submitted milestone 1 as a group of at least 2 people, you may proceed with your project assuming you have been assigned your 1st choice.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec6 About Milestone 2:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \strokec4 \
The purpose of milestone 2 is to keep everyone on track for focused project work after lectures conclude. We want to ensure that your group (1) has access to the relevant data in a form ready to manipulate and analyze, (2) that you have a clear project question to a address, (3) that you have a baseline model, and (4) that you have collected some references that you think will be helpful in moving forward with the project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Milestone 2 Instructions:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
Submit a 2-4 page outline (counting plots) in the form of a PDF or word document as well as any notebook/code that was used to inform the outline. The outline should includes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A description of the data
\f1\b0 : what type of data are you dealing with? What methods have you used to explore the data (initial explorations, data cleaning, etc)?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Visualizations and captions
\f1\b0 \'a0that summarize the noteworthy findings of the exploratory data analysis.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A revised project question
\f1\b0 \'a0based on your group's interests and the insights gained through EDA. Be sure to keep the scope manageable.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A baseline model\cf7 \strokec7 *
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 , either implemented or clearly described.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 2 or more references
\f1\b0 \'a0(papers, articles, etc.) that your groups thinks will be relevant to guiding your project work. These can be related to methods and/or the problem domain of the project.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb5 \strokec7 *The baseline model should be more sophisticated than a 'naive' model like in HW5 that simply predicts the majority class or mean response value. Though class proportions (if dealing with a classification problem) is important information to report in your EDA as this will almost certainly inform later modeling choices.\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \strokec8 The Canvas assignment will not accept zip files. You can attach multiple files to your submission. This allows TFs to read your outline directly on Canvas for faster feedback.\cf4 \strokec4 \
}